Astro 7/4 release notes (#2513)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- Make sure that all links to internal docs are the complete URLS including HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## July 4, 2023

### Send Astro alerts to email

You can now configure multiple email addresses to receive Astro alerts. See [Astro alerts](alerts.md) for setup steps.

### Configure SCIM provisioning for Okta

> If your Organization uses Okta for single sign-on (SSO), you can now set up SCIM provisioning for Astro. SCIM provisioning allows you to add and remove Astro users and Teams from Okta based on your existing user groups. See [Set up SCIM provisioning](set-up-scim-provisioning.md) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If your Organization uses Okta for single sign-on (SSO), you can now set up SCIM provisioning for Astro. SCIM provisioning simplifies user management by allowing you to add and remove Astro users from Okta based on your existing user groups. See [Set up SCIM provisioning](set-up-scim-provisioning.md) for more information.
```
